Hey, people, I'm Carlos.
I'm here to ask you a question
to synchronize the lumia 710 with the
computer
first have to take course
installed the program that this low
grace on microsoft's website
Good, I've already put my device in
here you open your eyes
I'll wait here
Ready is not 35 while on mac
collections aside here that stands your
music videos and images silver podcast
Synchronizing takes a little bit
ideal is to have your techniques
some organized here so and so
not everything organized looks like this
to choose an organized team that is
urban band all organized new
cds
in fact it's not very organized
new is well organized but has some
thing I've come across is jazz including
I think so, let's go there passing music
that only the music of the device
clicking here on the computer you go pro
computer
only the initial collection area
Let's go, you chose a song to
pass here the device is very simple
I have a CD of only flamenco songs
Flemish life passed
this version pagode my cell phone picks
here drag to appear plus sign
Do not have the computer here and let it go.
Go there, it's good. It was beauty.
I dragged with a song I could have
taken here dragged entire album
clear in the case of the urban legion that I
I have a giant could spend in that
album
I can choose one or select 14
albums easier now before you
songs recommend it here O
figurations phone configuration
conversion that happens unites them
converts the music before sending a
device that takes a little time
I recommend you guys for quality
It does not occupy much space inside the
Phone is short
eight gigs for me is very little
I recommend you put the quality
standard and the quality of positive
that is a minimum for you to keep
quality and low space
I do not think there's a need to find
192 with a lot of people like 320 kbps
I find it somewhat unnecessary there is a question
of choice I only recommend
I think it comes the highest level in 17 36
I came back here
already another stop that I ask a lot
update stayed here unites
Automatically running behind has to be
you are connected to the internet that I'm
here by wi fi
It can take a two- three-five-five
minutes later also connect to the
microsoft server was wasting time
not here
Also worth for videos you click here
video will collect all the videos in the
computer home videos here my
boy to the video of this stressed clown
here so we should know even
scheme
click and drag it will take a while
and it was a thing with pictures
our focus I did not even know is good
time to update here who is an issue
My computer is weak, for example.
Hey guys and if you want to bring
back from the computer
Flemish if you want to move the phone and
computer will be without any
computer if it is on your computer
here on mobile
the pope is on the cell phone can come here in
video or video with the head to the button
the unit or can see images
There are some photos to fight the pac was not to
have passed is that landscape photo
screen background thing drag folder from
computer
It was already chosen god of the sky.
these things to show up in the dog
apmj good beauty to end up here more
something
I commented in the community that I try
make a video to ask questions